hi guys I'm schmear in Cologne in
Germany where Ford have held their
global unveiling of the new Ford Focus
RS we're able to take a very first look
at the new car here on display a mule
for the new Focus RS was driven on by
ken Block has just been announced that
he's played a big part in the
developments of this cast there was a
little interview with him just cool the
car we're looking at is finished in
liquid blue the new Ford Performance
color the same we saw the Ford GT n in
Detroit which was truly truly stunning
but this car the new RS features a 2.3
liter EcoBoost turbo four-pot it's good
for 320 PS minimum the exact numbers are
yet to be confirmed but that's what
we've been told so far it has a
six-speed manual gearbox but the big
news is that it has torque vectoring
all-wheel drive
interestingly you can put 100% of the
power down to one wheel so that makes it
pretty much the perfect don't think
'mobile I think looking at pretty cool
though just some touches that catch my
eyes if you look on the wrist boiler up
there we've got the RS badges a bit like
the Ferrari f40 looks very nice
it's a little bit toned down from the
previous generation which i think is
probably a very good thing it's a little
more every day but still spectacularly
good we haven't had any official word on
performance figures but I think you can
probably get around maybe the four and a
half second mark to sixty so just to put
that into perspective that's a focus
that goes naught to 60 quicker than a v8
r8 it's really good around front though
Recaro seats we can see inside we're not
able to take a proper look yet it's not
quite ready but it's got a manual
gearbox of course so proper old-school
driving
if you take a little more looks around
as the cars rotating on this turntable
in front of us it was a very cool launch
event with various examples of our s
history being driven around C round back
to very large round exhaust tips one on
either side
tires this car has mentioned in pilot
super sports but it's also available
with the sport pilot sport card it is so
very very sticky rubber no doubt a lot
of fun to drive
and certainly with input from mr. Ken
Block I'm sure that's without question
yes do we have as the front spins around
everything's been done signed for
aerodynamic purposes of course
it's all of the new work around the
front end nice touch with a little RS
badge there just off to the side
many spokes on the wheels
Brembo calipers
RS badge wheels too actually
similarly round back all sorts of new
shapes new more aggressive diffuser
and the two-tone part of the wing
so there we have it a very first look
here at the global unveiling of the new
Ford Focus RS make sure you check out
the official launch video with Ken Block
himself and of course everything else
this year on the shmoo 150 channel thank
you very much for watching I'll catch up
with you again very soon Cheers
Charles itself through and then to the
spoiler of the rare